BD-2998 Update Tracking Sessions (#7208)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/swift/analytics/tracking_sessions.md

## Testing session tracking

> To detect sessions via your user, find your user on the dashboard and navigate to **App Usage** on the user profile. You can confirm that session tracking is working by checking that the "Sessions" metric increases when you expect it to. App-specific details will display after the user has used more than one app.

Author: ```suggestion
To detect sessions via your user, find your user on the dashboard and navigate to **Sessions Overview** on the user profile. You can confirm that session tracking is working by checking that the "Sessions" metric increases when you expect it to. App-specific details will display after the user has used more than one app.
```

> ![The app usage section of a user profile showing the number of sessions, last used date, and first used date.][session_tracking_7]{: style="max-width:40%;"}

Author: ```suggestion
![The sessions overview section of a user profile showing the number of sessions, last used date, and first used date.][session_tracking_7]{: style="max-width:40%;"}
```
